less/sprites/README.md, before:

# Sprites

This folder contains automatically generated sprite files. Details on how each file can be generated are described below by making use of a compressed set of images contained in [images][images] and [CSS Sprite Generator][spritegen].

## social.less

- Source file: [`social.zip`][social].
- Ignore duplicate images.
- Don't resize source images.
- Maintain aspect ratio.
- True Colour PNG.
- Class prefix: `social-`.
- Class suffix: `()`.
- Display width and height.

## thumbnails.less

### Generation

- Source file: [`thumbnails.zip`][thumbnails].
- Ignore duplicate images.
- Don't resize source images.
- Maintain aspect ratio.
- True Colour PNG.
- Class prefix: `thumbnails-`.
- Class suffix: `()`.
- Display width and height.

### Postgeneration

- Prefix all `width` with an `@`.

  [images]: https://github.com/aeurielesn/loleventvods/tree/master/images
  [spritegen]: http://spritegen.website-performance.org
  [social]: https://github.com/aeurielesn/loleventvods/raw/master/images/social.zip
  [thumbnails]: https://github.com/aeurielesn/loleventvods/raw/master/images/thumbnails.zip

Commit message:

Thumbnails have now a size of 70x50

less/sprites/README.md, after:

# Sprites

This folder contains automatically generated sprite files. Details on how each file can be generated are described below by making use of a compressed set of images contained in [images][images] and [CSS Sprite Generator][spritegen].

## social.less

- Source file: [`social.zip`][social].
- Ignore duplicate images.
- Don't resize source images.
- Maintain aspect ratio.
- True Colour PNG.
- Class prefix: `social-`.
- Class suffix: `()`.
- Display width and height.

## thumbnails.less

### Pregeneration

- The size of a thumbnail must be 70px x 50px.

### Generation

- Source file: [`thumbnails.zip`][thumbnails].
- Ignore duplicate images.
- Don't resize source images.
- Maintain aspect ratio.
- True Colour PNG.
- Class prefix: `thumbnails-`.
- Class suffix: `()`.
- Display width and height.

### Postgeneration

- Prefix all `width` with an `@`.

  [images]: https://github.com/aeurielesn/loleventvods/tree/master/images
  [spritegen]: http://spritegen.website-performance.org
  [social]: https://github.com/aeurielesn/loleventvods/raw/master/images/social.zip
  [thumbnails]: https://github.com/aeurielesn/loleventvods/raw/master/images/thumbnails.zip
